everyone this is talking about 50 today
I'm going to be doing an unboxing on
some books so let's get started um so if
you read the title which I'm assuming
you have your obviously 10 it is one
piece or hopefully this is going to be
really kind of weird um but I just read
one piece vol 12 and I was like very
like any more of this and I came into
someone expecting money so I'm like okay
I can't not get it so I just picked up
falling in 13 city cool may i'm starting
to really get into one piece i'm really
excited to finally get to a chopper I
think Andy's but yeah that's 15 do the
three punch punch
so just got a random video sorry look
like right but here's 16 oh but yeah
getting really interesting
which I'm really excited for like 30
it's my favorite character it xolo or
zori oh I'm sorry like it says two
different ways in the books which I seem
crazy but I think it's all I'm not sure
correct about that no comments I was
kind of funny a home so this was a very
oh just a one piece unboxing thanks for
watching guys go through them again
earth see